Fuck.
Ah, you fucking bastard!
Fuck!
How are you?
He wants me to start next week.
We set that brief.
I think it was useful.
Just remember.
You know how well he treats you?
You're working for me.
Yes, Anna.
You see Ace?
You must be Ace's knee boy.
What do you got?
Same, same.
Follow me.
You knee boy's here to see you.
Look who we have here.
No handsome.
Hi, I'm here for the job.
You look nice and that's it.
You might just be outside boss.
Guess you might need some help.
Can't you do better than that?
It's your first day.
I understand.
So?
What do you think?
Yeah, it's nice.
You're not into men, are you?
No.
Of course not.
Just a quick inappropriate personal question.
Your room's just up to us.